Feedback
- Give a quick intro of what are AI Agents, how they differentiate from traditional LLMs systems
- Mention what are the characteristics that makes a software an AI Agent
- Package installation
- Quick start documentation ([Example usage](https://docs.kaibanjs.com/get-started/Quick%20Start#example-usage)) seems out of date
  - output is a void and I can't access the `status` or `result` attributes

- Can a "Task" be agent agnostic? So it becomes possible that a Task can be performed by multiple agents
- How do the team's attributes agents and tasks work
e.g. as in
  agents: [profileAnalyst, resumeWriter],
  tasks: [processingTask, resumeCreationTask]
does the order in the arrays define how they interact? e.g. profileAnalyst -> processingTask?
what happens if the user swaps the order of the tasks? will agents pick the incorrect task?
- OR -
Let's say tasks are not agnostic and they are related to agents, why do we need to specify the agents again in the team creation?
Conclusion: there is something about the pattern of the agent/task definition that seems redundant or strange

- In the Team creation, the "agent" attribute is optional, but when I removed it the app crashed
TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'forEach')
    at Object.addAgents (/Users/josesandoya/Documents/lab/kaibanjs-try/node_modules/kaibanjs/dist/bundle.cjs:37:42405)
    at new exports.Team (/Users/josesandoya/Documents/lab/kaibanjs-try/node_modules/kaibanjs/dist/bundle.cjs:272:43402)
    at Object.<anonymous> (/Users/josesandoya/Documents/lab/kaibanjs-try/dist/index.js:50:14)
    at Module._compile (node:internal/modules/cjs/loader:1226:14)
    at Module._extensions..js (node:internal/modules/cjs/loader:1280:10)
    at Module.load (node:internal/modules/cjs/loader:1089:32)
    at Module._load (node:internal/modules/cjs/loader:930:12)
    at Function.executeUserEntryPoint [as runMain] (node:internal/modules/run_main:81:12)
    at node:internal/main/run_main_module:23:47


- What is a tangible outcome of this project? How can I use the content generated by the Agents/Teams and use it elsewhere?

